# Technical Presentation Review

The goal of this assignment is for your team as a group to provide
feedback to another team's technical presentation.

Depending on how your instructor uses this assignment, multiple teams
may give feedback on the same presentation.

## Presenting Team

The presenting team will give a roughly 10 minute presentation on the
main technical challenges faced in their project.

The presentation does **not** need to include an overview of the
customer need, since the reviewing team(s) will have obtained this
information before the presentation, either by watching recorded
interviews or inspecting other project documentation.

To keep in mind while preparing your presentation:

* Rehearse your presentation to make sure everyone is speaking clearly,
making eye contact with the audience, and finishing the presentation on
time.

* Don't put a lot of words on your slides.  Since you will be explaining
verbally, the slides should mostly feature visual aids (diagrams,
charts, etc.) that accompany what you say.

* Don't write a script and then read it.  Make a few notes to yourself
on a 3-by-5 index card to remind you of the main points, but speak to
your audience, don't read to them off a page.  It is worth rehearsing
multiple times until you are comfortable with this: 

## Reviewing Team

Each member of the reviewing team will take careful notes during the
presentation and collate their notes afterward, so that each reviewing
team presents a single review.

The review should address at least the following:

* Identify at least one positive point and one point that could use
improvement about the presentation technique.  (Did the speaker(s) make
eye contact with the audience, or just read off a page?  Was the
sequence of ideas clearly presented?  Did the content of the slides
complement what was being said, or were the slides mostly paragraphs of
text pasted into PowerPoint?)  In general, this item captures whether
you felt the speaker(s) were well prepared.  If there were multiple
speakers, you can give separate comments specific to one or more of them.

* Identify at least one positive point and one point that could use
improvement about the technical content of the presentation.

* Identify one idea you might adopt for your own future
projects as a result of something you saw in the presentation.

Reviews should be candid, but they are not anonymous, so treat the
presenting team the way you would like them to treat you when delivering
negative feedback.  

**Poor example of negative feedback:** "Speaker X's presentation style
sucked."

**Better example:** "Speaker X appeared to be reading from a script and
didn't engage the audience.  It would have been more effective if she/he
had rehearsed their presentation a bit more."

## Deliverables

Your instructor will specify how to deliver the reviews.
